How dare someone steal something from the official?
Pretty bold
I don't know which Shakyamuni it is
Did you notice this person's voice?
Sound a little familiar
Arguing with me is self-defeating
I'm afraid you don't have the capital
88 million 88 million and one cent
Excuse me.
This gentleman's bid is at least 190 million
Nine thousand one 100,000
What do you mean?
Yuck me, right?
Let me tell you something.
You dare to embarrass our officials in public
You better be careful
Don't force me, I'll see if you move a real one.
91 million 91.1 million you
Night by Night
Master Kuan is really rich
So wrong
Will not be a child of an aristocratic family
The knot is strong
It seems that the price of this exquisite phoenix has peaked.
Increase the price, why don't you add it?
Oh, there's no money on this hand.
Ah, I thought how capable the Guan family was
But that's it.
1 billion dollars